Eeeh...
Good day, everyone
I’m Kizuna Ai
Right now, I’m very depressed, you know
Do you remember this video?
Ai-taaaan Beaaaaam!
*Referring to video #120*
I was born in a Virtual environment...
...And I have the appearance of a 16 year old girl
I’m Kizuna Ai!
In this video, I applied seriously to be a part of the second generation of Hiragana Keyaki
But...
… I faiiiiled
I wanted to take the stage...
With Akanen
I wanted to rise with her!
It would’ve been great
I can't accept it!
With how much I like Keyakizaka-san!
I love them!
Also...
How is it possible someone as adorable as me didn’t pass?
So then today...
… In preparation for the next audition of the 3rd generation...
I’ll do a great revision!
Hmm... I wonder what was it that I did wrong
My face is good
I have a good style
I have a good personality
I’m also intelligent
After all, I’m a genius... (?)
...And I’m a Super A.I
Right?
What would have been...?
Aaahh... Maybe it's that?
When I placed my slogan
I wrote "Ai-tan Beam"
That was...
Plagiarism, right?
I definitely lacked originality, right?
I should think up an original act...
And next time...
Maybe do another attempt
Also...
I should observe those girls that won in the second generation...
To check what was it that I was missing
Man, everyone has such adorable smiles, they’re so pretty!
Ah! Kosaka Nao-chan!
Kosaka Nao is great, she’s like an older sister
*During fervent discourse*
She looks like a beautiful girl
And she wears a ponytail like that
*During fervent discourse*
Man, she’s so cute
I like!
*During fervent discourse*
Tomita Suzuka-chan
Tomita-chan, right?
*During fervent discourse*
She’s good at rapping
Yo! Yo! Right?
*During fervent discourse*
Don’t you think it would have been better is she she was in the first generation?
She’d polish the girls of the first generation, making them shine, right?
*During fervent discourse*
Watanabe Miho-chan
Well, her...
Hiragana Keyaki is doing a drama called "Re:Mind"
And it turns out that she was chosen out of all the members during an audition
She has a great talent for acting, right?
And also, she takes care of the other girls
She’s a very hard worker, she’s magnificent, right?
Man, I understand her
I wonder if to me too, that I’ll get pats on the head when I get sick, saying:
"Ai-chan, you’re adorable, good, good"
It looks like there’s a video of them
I see
Each of the participants made a promotional video
Eh? I also...! I also want to do a video!
I’m Kizuna Ai!
*What’s your favorite animal?*
The Munchkin cat
“To be continued”
Translated by Vortex